and start recording. Yes.
How, how are you?
Good? it's little busy. Well...
uh to talk about what have you
up to lately you've been... traveling.
What was your highlight of?
Last January. Okay, this 2024.
past year. Let's see what you were up to.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
mmm-hmmm. Yes.
Wait, what? uh, I
They're like grapevine, like one time somebody, I think it was Mel.
talk to you and ask you like, so what are you up to and like
you were telling him that like you've been only playing four notes
or something
Yeah. Was it that? So are you past the four notes? like
but uh I mean, How did, like when you say basic and you're playing four notes
like what, how do you just practice that?
Oh.
Yeah.
also it has to be comfy so it will fluctuate
but every time you play it had to be green?
Oh, wow. so
for an hour? so now are you able to hit the green?
Okay.
How, how long did it take you to grasp that concept?
Oh.
Yeah.
Oh my gosh. But it took you a year?
Wow. Uh...
Yeah, yeah. How many hours do you practice a day?
Okay. Yeah.
Five, six hours. Oh.
It's true then.
Is, is Coburn? It's not like okay
you're there with.
People your age, right? It's people who have the skills.
So do you actually take a class? or like how
classes look like.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. non pianist.
Yes.
Wow. And what is your favorite? What would you say is your favorite?
class or studies that you're doing at Colburn.
Music history? Yeah.
When you talk about music history, it's not like...
It's not like people or what, what kind of music history.
Yeah.
yeah yeah oh yeah
Okay.
is it like okay it's way past Stravinsky
Okay. Okay. World War II? Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. Yes.
Yeah.
He composed? Wow. What period history do you find?
Oh you find that